Ronaldo's secured the title with 1365
points ahead of masa with one thousand
two hundred and five points and Franck
ribéry with one thousand one hundred and
twenty seven points the votes are held
by the captains and coaches of the 209
national teams although FIFA says that
only hundred and eighty four of them
took part in the poll plus a note and 73
selected media representatives our own
Allah did not win any major title last
season he has been unable to stop
scoring goals
Ronaldo says his honor to be mentioned
alongside Paley legend of football and
to be mentioned for the Golden Ball it
was unbelievable feeling I cannot expect
a better night than this one even in my
dreams
this is motivation for the future and
hope to be here next next years to try
to win the third one the 28 year old has
20 La Liga calls this season for Real
Madrid and netted a record nine times in
the Champions League group stage Maisie
hampered by injury problems at Barcelona
late in the game and Frenchman Franck
ribéry of Bayern Munich were the other
candidates for the prize meze says had
it not been injured it could have been a
different story if another a it might
have been a different story I spend a
lot of time injured and miss some
important matches but that's not to say
Christian or another doesn't deserve
this power because he does the high
point of Renata however came with
Portugal when he scored a hat-trick and
almost single-handedly beat Sweden 3-1
the second leg of their World Cup ray of
Thai to send his country through to the
finals in Brazil
and the winner is you behind gates
former Bayern Munich coach now retired
was named coach of the year for the
first time after his team won an
unprecedented Champions League
Bundesliga and gemin Cup treble Germany
dominated the other major awards with
goalkeeper Nadine Ingham named women's
player of the year ahead of United
States forward Abby Wambach last year's
winner and Marta of Brazil